[ALL snoring]
[SHIORI] Not the best
sleep I've ever had.
Are you okay, dude?
Yeah. Well, a wee bit scared.
Fair.
[SACHI] Akari!
Where were you, Miss Girl?
[NATSUMI] We thought
you got got or something!
I was stargazing on the beach
and dozed off, oopsie.
A real free spirit, isn't she?
Yeah.
[MEI]
Yakuin?
Well, that's weird.
He was down there, too?
[yawns] Not the best sleep
in the history of sleeps.
[JIRO gasps]
Uh, good morning.
Morning! On your way
to brush your teeth?
Yeah. Guess you're
on your way back.
[JIRO]
Sheesh.
The Shiori pajama skin
hits harder than I thought.
Tenjin gets to see this
every day, huh? Lucky.
Hey, uh, can I
ask you something?
[JIRO]
Hm?
Never mind!
Let's kill it in
the kitchen later, okay?
Yeah.
[AKARI]
Yo!
Hiya, hubs. Morning!
Hey. Morning.
Spill, dude. What happened?
Why the gloom?
[JIRO]
No gloom here.
[chuckles] I get it,
somebody's embarrassed.
You're remembering
last night, aren't you?
[JIRO coughs]
[AKARI]
Groddy! Don't hack on wifey!
[AKARI giggles]
Later.
Yo, last night can be
our little secret, yeah?
[JIRO]
Awesome.
She can hold that crap
over my head forever now.
[JIRO] All in all, it hasn't
been as awkward as I figured.
I'm glad she just
laughed it off.
[JIRO] I guess that was
her way of being
considerate towards my feelings.
Get it together, me.
[CROWD chattering]
[JIRO]
Oh, yeah.
They're doing that
big game thing tonight.
You playing?
Uh-huh, for sure!
[JIRO]
It sounds a little cliché,
some test of courage bull.
I didn't know it was
a courage thing!
I'm not gonna make it out alive!
Whoa, take a breath!
We were on the beach last night,
and I heard these noises.
Scary, scary noises
like ghouls or something!
Must've been the wind.
I'm sure you're right.
I'm just worried whoever I'm
paired up with is gonna hate me.
Well, then I hope you're
paired up with me.
Just think. I already know that
you're prone to
scare pretty easy,
so it wouldn't bother me at all.
Maybe we'd even have some fun.
Yeah. That'd be kinda perfect.
Thanks, Jiro.
You have this sweet side that
comes out sometimes. I love it.
Huh?
[gasps]
Uh-oh! Sorry!
I meant that, uh...
[JIRO] No! It's cool!
I know what you meant.
I just don't get called
sweet very often.
[SHIORI giggles]
Sorry for blurting it out
like a crazy person!
Welp, trash duty calls!
[JIRO]
She-- She said "love."
That's not some new
slang thing, right?
She loves my sweet side, huh?
Me, too!
[JIRO screams]
Begone, creep!
So, the gods will
give us a new map,
but they refuse to nerf you?
What? How long have you
been standing there?
Since you coerced that
poor creature to partake
in a night in
the woods with you!
Word choice, man!
You should've said hi!
[KAMO] Pardon me,
sorry I didn't wanna interfere
with the copulation station
you're running in here.
Well, thanks, I guess.
Now, bro. Don't get a big dome.
Sakurazaka does not love you!
She is not in love with you!
She loves your
dainty personality!
Sweet doesn't mean dainty, dude.
[KAMO] Might I interest
you in... the power?
[JIRO]
Huh?
[KAMO]
Oh, excuse me, bro-seph.
So, you don't want the power to
pair up with Sakurazaka tonight?
Remember who you're
dealing with, bro-seidon.
I'm the guy-who-
hired-you's brother!
[JIRO]
Big whoop!
Tonight's test is the most
important part of the trip yet.
Familiar with the
suspension bridge effect?
This phenomenon
may or may not have
led past pairs in
a good direction.
[JIRO]
Ambiguous.
[KAMO]
Pairs are chosen by lottery.
Thus, your meager lives
rest in the hands of fate.
Though through an act as simple
as tampering with said lottery,
fate would crumble to
the boss's brother's will.
[JIRO gasps]
All that for the low,
low cost of 30 gem pulls!
[MEI] Gather round, people!
Time to draw lots!
Cute, I got a heart!
Mine is a bear?
I think mine's a yacht,
but this art is total cheeks.
What'd you get?
[SHIORI]
A sunflower. Jeez Louise.
Still freaking out a bit?
A lot. My partner's
gonna hate me.
No, they won't.
Some of them are weird,
but those dudes are nice.
Make them take the lead.
But I... [gasps]
You'll be fine, promise.
[MEI]
Shiori drew the sunflower.
[KAMO] I am eternally in
your debt! Our sneaky spoils!
Hey, can I ask you something?
[KAMO]
M'lady?
[MEI] You said this
scheme was to help out
Shiori and Yakuin, right?
Anybody else?
Huh? No, that's it. What's up?
I'm a little confused
as to why you didn't just
mark two of the slips
and have them draw those.
Did you need to
drag me into this?
Yeah, 'bout that.
I'm pretty sure Jiro
would've been down,
but I thought
Sakurazaka might object
to something so morally fuzzy.
Worst case,
to avoid getting involved,
she would've picked an
unmarked slip intentionally,
and I'm not tryna send my best
bro into existential crisis.
This way,
your girl's in the dark,
and she can have fun
without feeling bad.
Wow, dude.
[KAMO] What? Have I made
an unforgivable oopsie?
Nah. You're just a better
person than I thought.
[KAMO]
Huh? Aw! You flatter me,
but you're a pretty
amazeballs person yourself!
Look at us,
homie helpers of the year!
For real? Dang, must look
better than it is.
Don't screw this up, dude, okay?
Good luck!
Yes, ma'am!
[MEI]
That doofus. He's got it wrong.
I'm not a good person.
I'm using his "bro"
for my own gain.
Purely selfish. I'm a jerk.
[sighs] I was worried
that homie had caught on.
[JIRO]
One more thing,
would it be possible to
put together another pair?
Huh?
I was thinking.
Maybe you could pair
Akari and Tenjin.
[KAMO]
Huh? For why, though?
Please. I can pay you double.
Bro, what's your deal?
She's struggling
just as much as I am.
We keep on telling each other
that we're going to
try our hardest.
If I get help, she should, too.
I can't abandon her, you know?
Ugh. No way in hell
I can take 30 more gems
from that puppy dog face.
Blast you, my servant's heart!
[KAMO'S OLDER BROTHER]
Okay, kids!
Hope you like your pairings,
'cause you're stuck!
This is cool.
Yeah, super cool.
Awesome. Let's go.
Yeah, let's.
Great. I seriously have
the worst luck in the world.
Aw, adorable, so you have
a death wish, yeah?
It's me and glasses McGee!
Ayo!
I guess that makes me
the odd man out then.
Each group will start at a
different set of colored cones.
So, report to your respective
starting points, pals!
[MINAMI]
I think that's us over there.
Ready to go check it out,
Watanabe?
Yup!
[KAMO'S OLDER BROTHER]
Get a move on, cowboy!
Giddy-up, now!
[AKARI screams]
I hate this!
I wanna go back,
like, for reals!
[MINAMI] I never would've
guessed you scare so easily.
Does holding my hand help?
Or does that make it worse?
It-- It helps for sure. Thanks.
Then let's just stay like this.
'Kay, cool with me.
[AKARI] So, this is how
Minami's hand feels.
Even though they're both dudes,
it feels different.
Jiro's hand is a bit more...
Jiro's hand what?
Head in the game, girl!
[MINAMI]
Is something wrong?
[gasps] N-No,
everything's totally fine!
Just zoned out a little,
but I'm back!
Yo, the group chat!
Let's see how badly we're
smoking these suckers. Uh-oh.
Bummer news. I dropped my phone.
Welcome back, beaches!
[SHIORI] Oh my goodness, Mei!
I was so scared!
[MEI]
You're okay. No ghosties here.
Tell Mama. Any smoochies?
[JIRO]
Shiori was way too terrified
for anything like that.
[KAMO] Too big of a weenie
to want your weenie, huh?
Wait, where's Akari?
They taking a cat nap?
Beats me, yo.
[JIRO]
Akari isn't back yet?
Weird cause she's with
the king of, like, all games.
I'll try calling.
[SACHI] Don't get your
digits in their shiz!
Leave them alone.
They could be having freaky fun.
[NATSUMI]
Preach, sister!
Out in the dark
with nobody around?
They basically have
no choice but to bang.
[AKARI] I see you
talking to other girls
and it makes me feel weird.
[JIRO] She said all that crap
and now she's doing this?
Jeez, and why does it bother me?
It's not like it matters.
Ew! Soggy!
Yeah, RIP my hair.
Hey. Minaman.
Hello? What?
[SACHI, NATSUMI]
Huh?
[KAMO'S OLDER BROTHER]
Oh, okay. I got it.
You turning back then?
So, where are they?
[KAMO'S OLDER BROTHER] Pinkie
dropped her phone in the forest,
and while they were looking
for it, they got separated.
[ALL gasp]
Do you think they'll be okay?
Akari.
This area is privately owned,
so they're not in any danger.
Head back to your rooms.
[NATSUMI] Not cool,
water pillows in the sky!
Make sure Akari gets home
safe for us, boss man!
[KAMO'S OLDER BROTHER]
Will do!
[JIRO gasps]
[SHIORI] C'mon, Jiro, we're
gonna get soaked. Let's hurry.
Huh?
I'm sorry, Shiori.
But I need to stay
and look for Akari.
Jiro!
[AKARI]
What am I supposed to do?
No phone plus a freakin'
torrential downpour?
This is, like,
worst case for real.
I should probs head back
to the beach house.
[gasps]
[AKARI] I let Minami call
the shots on directions,
so I'm totally turned around.
Akari! Akari!
[AKARI]
I don't even know how to get
from the station to the resort.
I made Jiro look that crap up.
I'm so useless on my own.
Sorry, guys. I suck.
[rustling]
[gasps]
Jiro!
Oh, hey, Minami.
Well, found the phone.
Don't worry. I'm coming.
You're safe. I'm glad.
Me, too.
This rain blows. Come with me.
I noticed an azumaya
a ways back.
Let's wait it out there.
Yeah. Once the rain lets up,
we'll be outta here.
Sorry, man.
I appreciate the help, bye.
Feeling better?
Uh, I guess.
I'm mega sorry for
causing you trouble!
Like, this is so my fault.
Hey! It's all good.
I should've noticed
the second that you were gone.
Just sit down and
take some deep breaths.
Oh, and, uh...
I'm sorry that I wasn't Jiro.
[gasps]
[laughs] Your face, dude!
Wait! I swear
it isn't like that!
Come on!
Stop laughing,
you've got it all wrong!
Sorry. Your reaction
got me for a second.
I'm back.
So, Yakuin?
[AKARI] That dweeb is
totally irrelevant to this!
Very convincing, but your
cheeks are giving it away.
[AKARI]
I'm just a blushy girl!
You gotta listen to me,
the person I love is--
Wow. Kinda makes me sad.
Huh?
Screw this.
Stupid freakin' rain.
--[SHIORI] Jiro!
--[gasps]
Gosh. I've looked everywhere.
You have?
Of course! Also,
Akari is safe and sound!
Wait, she is?
[SHIORI] Uh-huh, Minami's
the one who found her.
They're taking shelter
from the rain now,
but they're gonna
head back once it lets up.
What a relief!
Good stuff, huh?
For sure. Good stuff.
You came all the way out here
just to let me know?
Well, you weren't
checking your phone.
It made me worried.
I'm sorry.
Don't be, you were super busy
trying to find your friend.
I think that's neat.
It shows how much
you really care.
But I-I was so panicked
I couldn't find her.
I should've remembered
how useless I am
and left everything
up to Minami.
I suck.
Don't talk to
my friend like that!
You're such a kind person.
And since the practical started,
you've become quite
the cool person, too.
[gasps]
[SHIORI]
Akari has gotten to know
a version of Jiro that I don't.
Makes me a teensy bit jealous.
What do you mean by "version"?
I'm pretty sure I'm the
same Jiro I've always been.
I know that,
but you have other sides
than the one you show me.
Like the husband side,
for example.
I don't know. I don't think
the way you are changes
because you happen
to be married.
And I mean, with us.
It's not like
Akari and I are in love.
[SHIORI]
That expression.
I've known him
for a million years
and I've never seen it before.
Speaking of marriage,
how's yours?
--Did you...
--Huh?
Uh, well,
we practiced that thing.
Did you ever put it
into use or whatever?
Uh-- For real? You and Tenjin?
[SHIORI] Oh, no, no.
We very much did not do that!
Really? But you're
all flustered.
Well, yeah!
Because I was thinking about
kissing you, and...
And, uh...
Since we kissed at the nurse's,
I haven't really done
anything else like that.
I see.
[SHIORI] It was super special.
You were my first.
So, uh, was that
the same for you?
[JIRO gasps]
Well... I mean...
[SHIORI laughs]
That was an invasive question!
Sorry about that.
And sorry for getting
myself all worked up.
[JIRO]
Shiori?
[SHIORI]
The rain's not so bad, let's go.
Come back, you'll get soaked.
You been beside me forever
and I can't lose that!
As we grow up,
being your childhood friend
won't be enough to
keep me in your life.
I am so sorry. I'm just...
Akari is just...
[gasps]
If Akari really isn't special
to you, show me something.
A side of you so hidden...
even your wife doesn't know.
What did it mean, uh,
when you said it made you sad?
Uh, not quite sad,
like how a big brother feels
after meeting
his sister's boyfriend.
Wistful?
Sister?
[AKARI]
Oh, crap. It's happening.
He's totally shooting me down.
This sucks.
But I can't just give up.
Like, no doy,
I made a promise to Jiro!
We're gonna get into A-rank
and change partners!
Minami?
So, if we could
switch to be partners
and then spend rest of
the practical together,
do you think that maybe you'd
stop looking at me as a sister?
[AKARI] Gross.
It's a million times worse
when you know how
desperate you sound.
I'm sorry. No.
I can tell you have
feelings for me.
Truth is, I've been able
to tell for a while.
[gasps]
[MINAMI] C'mon, you weren't
exactly subtle.
I always took it as
a huge compliment,
but, uh, I'm in love
with somebody else.
[AKARI gasps]
It's Sakurazaka, isn't it?
Huh?
[MINAMI laughs]
[MINAMI] Hold up!
You've got it all wrong!
What do you mean? Like, huh?
[MINAMI]
No wonder you were stressed.
Chill with the
laugh track, dude!
My bad. There's nothing
between me and Shiori.
[AKARI]
I totally thought there was.
So, who then? Some new chick?
[MINAMI]
No, you wouldn't know her.
It's an unrequited love.
And it'll stay that way forever.
It's the worst.
An intense love with
no future like that?
I know how bad it hurts,
and I still put you through
the same thing, didn't I?
I feel horrible.
But go you!
You found your special
person in Yakuin.
That's huge.
[AKARI]
But what if...
He's, uh, in love
with somebody else?
[MINAMI] Oh, does he have
a girlfriend? That's new.
[AKARI]
Mm-mm. Not quite a girlfriend.
Then it's all about
how hard you try right now.
He could very well choose
you over this other girl.
Yeah, but, what if I, like,
confess and make things weird?
[MINAMI laughs] You realize
you just confessed to me, right?
Do you feel like
things are weird?
Uh-- Mm-mm.
I hope you put your
whole heart into this love
and never look back.
I'm living vicariously
through you.
Cause I'm not quite
ready for that myself.
I wasted your time, huh? Sorry.
[AKARI gasps]
You didn't waste crap!
Like, I've had the freakin'
time of my life loving you!
Talking to you made
my heart beat like crazy,
looking at you made me feel
like I was floating!
Shut up! Why would
you apologize?
For being hot and kind and
giving me something beautiful?
Thank you, Minami.
For every minute of it.
I really loved you!
Thank you, too.
This meant the world.
[AKARI]
I'm glad I fell in love.
He rejected me and still.
I'm so glad I loved him.
[AKARI]
Hells yeah! It's time!
If don't want to
have any regrets,
I've gotta give this my all!
Check it out, there's the
spunky Watanabe I know.
I've gotta hurry up
and move on, too.
Please, you'll find
the perfect hottie right away.
Well, thank you.
Guess we'll see.
[AKARI]
It's Sakurazaka, isn't it?
[MINAMI] I never thought that's
what she was worried about.
Come to think of it,
Shiori seems like
she's in love with someone, too.
Hope that hasn't started
any weird rumors.
In any case,
I hope things work out for them.
They both truly deserve it.
[SACHI] All this kissing is,
like, uber boring.
Lemme see these prudes boink!
[NATSUMI] Please,
foreplay is the best part.
[SACHI]
Uck!
[NATSUMI] You gotta marinate
the sausage before you cook it!
[SACHI]
Sick nasty!
[NATSUMI]
Quickies make me sickies!
[SACHI]
Get real!
The best part of screwing
is the screwing.
No, the best part
is the raw connection.
[JIRO] Next time,
"Done, Being Less Than Love."